Li Fei, you didn’t expect that I was the far end of a large-scale fake?
Lao Qiao, you are breaking the law and committing a crime.
Don't you know?
My good brother, you are the only one who will die here.
Who would know that the address of the marine division circle that day was far away from the circle?
You bitch, don't stick it all over your face.
Can you save your life if you kill yourself now?
If you talk too much, I will destroy my son.
Stop! Li Fei,
Didn't you expect that you would also be surprised?
Son, our chance for revenge has come.
They are the young masters of the Bai family and the Wang family
They and we both know how to wear overseas fish.
We can't afford to offend them
Then take it out on her
Remember with me
You are hiding from the future
They don't want to kill
Since you chose to help you fly
Then die here today